Qbo/qbd invoice to (#1124)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/expenses/sync-process/expense-transactions.md

### Draft transactions

Some accounting platforms allow expense transactions to be created in a draft state. This means the user can review the expense in the software before finalizing and posting it prior to reconciliation. 

In the request body, use the `postAsDraft` flag to define whether the expense should be posted in its draft or final state. When set to `true`, the expense is posted as a draft. 

:::info Compatible integrations

Check our [API reference](/sync-for-expenses-api#/operations/create-expense-transaction) for an up-to-date list of integrations that support this functionality.

:::

### Billable expenses

Your customer may want to mark an expense as billable so that they can easily identify and allocate costs to specific customers or projects. This simplifies the process of invoicing clients for reimbursable expenses.

To mark an expense as billable, set the `invoiceTo` property to `customer`. The expense will then reference the customer in the line item.

:::info Compatible integrations

> This functionality is currenlty only available for QBO & QBD. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This functionality is currently only available for QuickBooks Online and QuickBooks Desktop. 
```
